History, history! We fools, what do we know or care. - Williams Carlos Williams
History does not repeat itself. The historians repeat one another - Max Beerbohm
History is a science, no more and no less. - J. B. Bury
The past is always a rebuke to the present. - Robert Penn Warren
A country without a memory is a country of madmen. - George Santayana
History is interim reports issued periodically. - Anonymous
History is philosophy teaching by example. - Thucydides
History teaches everything, including the future. - Lamartine
If you would understand anything, observe its beginning and development. - Aristotle
Any time gone by was better - Jorge Manrique
There is no history, only histories. - Karl Popper
History is not melodrama, even if it usually reads like that. - Robert Penn Warren
Who does not know that the first law of historical writing is the truth? - Cicero
Writing intellectual history is like trying to nail jelly to the wall. - William Hesseltine
History is the memory of things said and done. - Carl L. Becker
History is always written wrong and so always needs to be rewritten. -  George Santayana
Is should be known that history is a discipline with a great number of approaches. - Ibn Khalduin
The past does not influence me; I influence it. - Willem De Kooning
Life must be lived forward, but it can only be understood backward. - Søren Kierkegaard
History is a myth that men agree to believe. - Napolean
History is the essence of innumerable biographies. - Thomas Carlyle
The past does not repeat itself, but it rhymes. - Mark Twain
History is not a science; it is a method. - Droyson
We learn from history that we never learn anything from history. - Hegel
Hope is the other side of history. - Marcia Cavell
There exists no folly that men have not tried out. - Carl Jung
The past is never dead; it's not even past. - William Faulkner
The passion for tidiness is the historian's occupational disease. - Arthur M. Schlesinger
What man is, only his history tells. - Wilhelm Dilthey
History does not usually make sense until long afterward. - Bruce Catton
History does not belong to us; we belong to it. - Hans-Georg Gadamer
